# Dsl-2740u Firmware Version Me\_1.04 Download
 
 
Search CVE List Downloads Data Feeds Update a CVE Record Request CVE IDs TOTAL CVE Records: 240830 

NOTICE: Transition to the all-new CVE website at WWW.CVE.ORG and CVE Record Format JSON are underway.

NOTICE: Support for the legacy CVE download formats ended on June 30, 2024.  
New CVE List download format is available now on CVE.ORG. 

 .alignright text-align: right;font-size: x-small; Home > CVE > Search Results ﻿ Search ResultsThere are **1117** CVE Records that match your search.NameDescriptionCVE-2024-6525\*\* UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED \*\* A vulnerability was found in D-Link DAR-7000 up to 20230922. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /log/decodmail.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to deserialization. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-270368. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer.CVE-2024-6045Certain models of D-Link wireless routers contain an undisclosed factory testing backdoor. Unauthenticated attackers on the local area network can force the device to enable Telnet service by accessing a specific URL and can log in by using the administrator credentials obtained from analyzing the firmware.CVE-2024-6044Certain models of D-Link wireless routers have a path traversal vulnerability. Unauthenticated attackers on the same local area network can read arbitrary system files by manipulating the URL.CVE-2024-5299D-Link D-View execMonitorScript Exposed Dangerous Method Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link D-View. Although authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability, the existing authentication mechanism can be bypassed. The specific flaw exists within the execMonitorScript method. The issue results from an exposed dangerous method. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21828.CVE-2024-5298D-Link D-View queryDeviceCustomMonitorResult Exposed Dangerous Method Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link D-View. Although authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability, the existing authentication mechanism can be bypassed. The specific flaw exists within the queryDeviceCustomMonitorResult method. The issue results from an exposed dangerous method. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21842.CVE-2024-5297D-Link D-View executeWmicCmd Command Injection Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link D-View. Although authentication is required to exploit this vulnerability, the existing authentication mechanism can be bypassed. The specific flaw exists within the executeWmicCmd method. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before using it to execute a system call. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21821.CVE-2024-5296D-Link D-View Use of Hard-coded Cryptographic Key Authentication Bypass Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows remote attackers to bypass authentication on affected installations of D-Link D-View. Authentication is not required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the TokenUtils class. The issue results from a hard-coded cryptographic key. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to bypass authentication on the system. Was ZDI-CAN-21991.CVE-2024-5295D-Link G416 flupl self Command Injection Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link G416 wireless routers. Authentication is not required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the HTTP service listening on TCP port 80. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before using it to execute a system call. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21294.CVE-2024-5294D-Link DIR-3040 prog.cgi websSecurityHandler Memory Leak Denial-of-Service Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to create a denial-of-service condition on affected installations of D-Link DIR-3040 routers. Authentication is not required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the prog.cgi program, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper memory management when processing HTTP cookie values. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to create a denial-of-service condition on the system. . Was ZDI-CAN-21668.CVE-2024-5293D-Link DIR-2640 HTTP Referer Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-2640-US routers. Authentication is not required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within prog.cgi, which handles HNAP requests made to the lighttpd webserver listening on TCP ports 80 and 443. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of the length of user-supplied data prior to copying it to a fixed-length stack-based buffer. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21853.CVE-2024-5292D-Link Network Assistant Uncontrolled Search Path Element Local Privilege Escalation Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows local attackers to escalate privileges on affected installations of D-Link Network Assistant. An attacker must first obtain the ability to execute low-privileged code on the target system in order to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the DNACore service. The service loads a file from an unsecured location. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to escalate privileges and execute arbitrary code in the context of SYSTEM. Was ZDI-CAN-21426.CVE-2024-5291D-Link DIR-2150 GetDeviceSettings Target Command Injection Remote Code Execution Vulnerability. This vulnerability allows network-adjacent attackers to execute arbitrary code on affected installations of D-Link DIR-2150 routers. Authentication is not required to exploit this vulnerability. The specific flaw exists within the SOAP API interface, which listens on TCP port 80 by default. The issue results from the lack of proper validation of a user-supplied string before using it to execute a system call. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of root. Was ZDI-CAN-21235.CVE-2024-4965\*\* UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED \*\* A vulnerability was found in D-Link DAR-7000-40 V31R02B1413C and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /useratte/resmanage.php. The manipulation of the argument load leads to os command injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264533 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.CVE-2024-4964\*\* UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED \*\* A vulnerability has been found in D-Link DAR-7000-40 V31R02B1413C and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file /firewall/urlblist.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264532. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.CVE-2024-4963\*\* UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED \*\* A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in D-Link DAR-7000-40 V31R02B1413C. This affects an unknown part of the file /url/url.php. The manipulation of the argument file\_upload leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264531. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.CVE-2024-4962\*\* UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED \*\* A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in D-Link DAR-7000-40 V31R02B1413C. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file /useratte/resmanage.php. The manipulation of the argument file leads to unrestricted upload. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-264530 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.CVE-2024-4961\*\* UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED \*\* A vulnerability classified as critical was found in D-Link DAR-7000-40 V31R02B1413C. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file /user/onlineuser.php. The manipulation of the argument file\_upload leads to unrestricted upload. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-264529 was assigned to this vulnerability. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.CVE-2024-4960\*\* UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED \*\* A vulnerability classified as critical has been found in D-Link DAR-7000-40 V31R02B1413C. Affected is an unknown function of the file interface/sysmanage/licenseauthorization.php. The manipulation of the argument file\_upload leads to unrestricted upload. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-264528. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.CVE-2024-4699\*\* UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED \*\* A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in D-Link DAR-8000-10 up to 20230922. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file /importhtml.php. The manipulation of the argument sql leads to deserialization. The attack may be initiated remotely. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-263747. NOTE: This vulnerability only affects products that are no longer supported by the maintainer. NOTE: Vendor was contacted early and confirmed immediately that the product is end-of-life. It should be retired and replaced.CVE-2024-40505\*\*UNSUPPORTED WHEN ASSIGNED\*\* Directory Traversal vulnerability in D-Link DAP-1650 Firmware v.1.03 allows a local attacker to escalate privileges via the hedwig.cgi component.CVE-2024-39962D-Link DIR-823X AX3000 Dual-Band Gigabit Wireless Router v21\_D240126 was discovered to contain a remote code execution (RCE) vulnerability in the ntp\_zone\_val parameter at /goform/set\_ntp. This vulnerability is exploited via a crafted HTTP request.CVE-2024-39202D-Link DIR-823X firmware - 240126 was discovered to contain a remote command execution (RCE) vulnerability via the dhcpd\_startip parameter at /goform/set\_lan\_settings.CVE-2024-38438D-Link - CWE-294: Authentication Bypass by Capture-replayCVE-2024-38437D-Link - CWE-288:Authentication Bypass Using an Alternate Path or ChannelCVE-2024-37630D-Link DIR-605L v2.13B01 was discovered to contain a hardcoded password vulnerability in /etc/passwd, which allows attackers to log in as root.CVE-2024-36755D-Link DIR-1950 up to v1.11B03 does not validate SSL certificates when requesting the latest firmware version and downloading URL. This can allow attackers to downgrade the firmware version or change the downloading URL via a man-in-the-middle attack.CVE-2024-34950D-Link DIR-822+ v1.0.5 was discovered to contain a stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability in the SetNetworkTomographySettings module.CVE-2024-33774A buffer overflow vulnerability in /bin/boa on D-Link DIR-619L Rev.B 2.06B1 via formWlanSetup\_Wizard allows remote authenticated users to trigger a denial of service (DoS) through the parameter "webpage."CVE-2024-33773A buffer overflow vulnerability in /bin/boa on D-Link DIR-619L Rev.B 2.06B1 via formWlanGuestSetup allows remote authenticated users to trigger a denial of service (DoS) through the parameter "webpage."CVE-2024-33772A buffer overflow vulnerability in /bin/boa on D-Link DIR-619L Rev.B 2.06B1 via formTcpipSetup allows remote authenticated users to trigger a denial of service (DoS) through the parameter "curTime."CVE-2024-33771A buffer overflow vulnerability in /bin/boa on D-Link DIR-619L Rev.B 2.06B1 via goform/formWPS, allows remote authenticated users to trigger a denial of service (DoS) through the parameter "webpage."CVE-2024-33345D-Link DIR-823G A1V1.0.2B05 was found to contain a Null-pointer dereference in the main function of upload\_firmware.cgi, which allows remote attackers to cause a Denial of Service (DoS) via a crafted input.CVE-2024-33344D-Link DIR-822+ V1.0.5 was found to contain a command injection in ftext function of upload\_firmware.cgi, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell.CVE-2024-33343D-Link DIR-822+ V1.0.5 was found to contain a command injection in ChgSambaUserSettings function of prog.cgi, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell.CVE-2024-33342D-Link DIR-822+ V1.0.5 was found to contain a command injection in SetPlcNetworkpwd function of prog.cgi, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell.CVE-2024-33113D-LINK DIR-845L
 
**Download ✯✯✯ [https://stupimoplanze.blogspot.com/?download=2A0TaZ](https://stupimoplanze.blogspot.com/?download=2A0TaZ)**


 a2f82b0cb4
 
